Hi Sravya!

Hi Demetris,how are you?

Good. How are you?

Good! Let us start.

Ok. We need to make a minor change to the code. I will show you the example really quick.

We just need to call that command in the midca code to start simulation and then stop it using
stopSimulation command before midca closes.

Sure, so I should call the simulation during the initialize time and stop it when it closes? 

Yes.

is it a python thread? if so then exiting midca will automatically closes it right?

Not necessarily. It can continue to run in the background sometime, but it isn't difficult to kill if
that happens.

Sure. how does the simulator work?

This function mimics the physical motion of the robot (like
speed, position, and so on) by integrating the physiscs
based equations and then you can acess the position
information using the same functions we did initially.

can we call this in percieve phase as well?

You can, but to have them setup to have the same info, 
you would need tho use the same object in both percieve and
act.

got you, ok I will first initialize this in percieve and
store the object in memory. that should be fine right?

yes.

I will go ahead and open percieve.py

I think I need to have the class definition in here,

You can import like so

sure ! where is it located ?

It is in the same folder as the act module.

Do you mind if i change the location of it ?

We can just import that path. I don't mind, but we would
have to change act module because put the object there
initially. Which ever is easier for you.

The only reason I want to change the location of GraceAct.py
is to be consistent with midca. We usually have domain 
specific information in domains folder. 

That is fine as long as you can still import it in the 
midca modules.

sure.

so what should I do with this.

You no longer need it correct?
I thought this was a different example

Ok ! I need to percieve depth in percieve phase. 


You can do it with the other class. 

sure. Let me know if I do anything wrong

Just to clarify. This still works with the physical robot,
but calling the simmulation function allows you to use
the simulated information rather that the real robot
info. If you don't call it, we will just read physical
sensors.

sure. I will change the name

THat should work right?

Yes. The depth is in meters correct?

Sure. then 20 might be too much right ?

Yea. That was what I was going to say.

ok what could be the maximum depth the robot can dive?
SO that I can have the idea of the scale.

Supposedly, it can dive to 20 meters, but it would just
take for ever. If you look at the terminal. That
took 191 seconds to go to 5 meters and then back up to
3.

sure. 

that should do it, let me go to act phase 
and do the necessary changes

That is correct right?

Yes.

Tha communicateDepth function will still work right?

Yes

I see you have written some function for this 

Yes. All the functionality that we orignally had for the
graceMidcaAct class i moved to the new one and added
simulation functionality.


Nice. I will then change the code there

I think I am done making changes

ok. One last thing. remove the import statement from begining 
of act module

done. Lets test if this works

Let's do it.

May have to close and check in a text editor.
The ide does wierd things with spaces and tabs sometimes.

Sure. 

Do we have a text editor here ?


Yes. Just right click the file and open it with text editor.

ok

just a minute. I will solve the error

ok.

Do you want to run without the simulator until you figure
out the bugs?

No I gave the wrong goal. I havent tested the interpret
code because I did not have an actual anomaly. Now
that you wrote the simulator I should test it. Let me
do it one more time to check if I have no problem with
simulator and then I can work on my code.


ok.

my mistake. let me test this function befor you run the 
midca code again.



sure, no problem

ok. it's working. Just need to fix it in the other folder.



thanks

I will try to run midca again

Are you calling the dive function multiple times without
stopping the previous dive?

just a sec, I see the problem. 

No, I am jsut calling it once. I will show you where
Let me direct you to the file. I think i have to set the dive
flag. just a sec. That should do it. Let me run it ag.
my mistake

no problem. before you run it again. Do you call the 
action again for raise?

yes I do. 

Do you stop the regulation in between?

I am not sure about that. I dont think I did.

It should be something like this "stopRegulation()" when
you are done diving and want to use the comand to go to
a different step. 

Sure. Right now the agent will go directly to the depth
instead of intermediete depths and rise. So there will
only be one rais and one dive action. I will use 
that before raise action.

I will run it again

ok.

It is working. I have to make a few changes to test anamoly.
at this point I think i can do it myself. I will let
you know if something is wrong. I will complete it in
an hour or so.thank you 

No problem. Text or email me if you need something. I am
going to go get some food. If you get it working tonight
suprise me in the meeting tommorrow!

