Hi

Hi, This might be a short meeting. So I have an idea about making the robot working with a 
single dive command from your end and it can be multiple dives from our end. I will modify the planner 
accordingly and will get back to you on that. Sounds good?

Yes. do you mind sharing the idea?

Sure, I am planning to move the sense actions to perceive and the action acknowledgement will be calculated
from the average speed of the robot. Does this make sense to you?

Yes. That seems better than basing the acknowledge of time.

Great! I have a few questions though, What is the average speed of the robot?

That is something that will change depending on the control input/actions. It is not a constant, but can
be calculated from numerically differentiating the depth measuremeants.

So, is there a minimum and a maximum? 

Minimun is 0 and there is a maximum, but I do not know it for sure. We estimate it to be around .5 meters
per second, but that is a very rough estimate.

That is fine, I just wanted to get an idea. You do not have a sonar sensor on board right
No, we do not.

Okay, If there is an obstacle near by grace might not be able to detect it right?

It will not be able to because it currently has no sensors capable of obstacle detection.

Okay, What is the data from algae sensors used for? Is it in anyway related to a hotspot existence?

Not for this project, but it is used to measure the concentration of algae in the water. So it could be
used to determine a hotspot if we are looking for algae.

Great! and sorry for the cursor. I think I asked this question yesterday, Can the fish swim backwards?

It can glide backwards, but not swim (flapping tail to move).  


Okay, What else can the fish do if it is stuck in vines?

It does not have anything specificaly for vines, but the actions that the gliders and fish have in general
are very simple. 
1. Change bouyancy to sink or float
2. Picth up or down to move forward or backward
The fish can also turn the tail to steer or flap it to swim foward

Okay. Thanks! For the new example, the expectations will arise from the world model rather than actions. 
I hope that might make anomaly detection a little more independant than the current one.

ok. No problem. Let me know if you need anything else.

Sure! I am good for now. I will let you know if I have anymore questions.